doc: add note about add-on (#702)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/index.rst

   Due to these restrictions, Sidewalk cannot be automatically fetched through the nRF Connect SDK and will require performing a dedicated setup.
   All information regarding completing it is included in this guide, so ensure you follow it in order.

> .. caution::
>    Sidewalk was a part of NCS release up to 2.9.1.
>    After NCS 2.9.1, Sidewalk has been moved to an Add-On repository.
>    This change does not affect the content or features of the Sidewalk repository, but it does require a dedicated setup.
>    For latest releases, please refer to the <Sidewalk add-on latest link>, and follow the migration guide <Sidewalk add-on migration guide from NCS link> to see how to update your project for newer releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   After the release v2.9.1, Amazon Sidewalk is no longer a part of the nRF Connect SDK and has been moved to an add-on repository.
    This transition does not affect the content or features of Sidewalk, but it does require completing a specific setup.
    For the most recent updates, see the Amazon Sidewalk add-on documentation and consult the Migration Guide for Sidewalk Add-On from NCS to learn how to adapt your project to the latest versions.
```

Shouldn't be marked as "caution".

Author: change applied
